{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22380\viewh13800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!--sample math test (multiple choice quiz)-!> \
\
<quiz>\
	<!--Meta data about the quiz: start-->\
	\
	<quiz_area>reading</quiz_area>\
	<objectives>\
		<objective>comprehension</objective>\
	</objectives>\
\
	<conditions>\
		<condition value="timer">moderate</condition>\
		<condition value="NPC">antagonistic</condition>\
		<condition value="reward">\
			<correct>1</correct>\
			<partially_correct>0</partially_correct>\
			<incorrect>0</incorrect>			<!-- Can have negative values for penalty -->\
		</condition>\
		<condition value="context">\
			<scenario>...</scenario>\
			<goal>...</goal>\
			<save_point>...</save_point>\
		</condition>\
	</conditions>\
\
	<mechanics>\
		<mechanics value="music">...</mechanics>\
		<mechanics value="inputs">...</mechanics>\
		<mechanics value="information_storage">...</mechanics>\
		<mechanics value="reporting">...</mechanics>\
	</mechanics>\
\
	<!--Meta data about the quiz: end-->\
\
	<items>\
		<item>\
		\
			<knowledge>reading</knowledge>\
			<area>Comprehension</area>			<!--objective--!>\
			<topics>\
				<topic>understanding of explicitly stated sequence of events</topic>   <!--subskill--!>\
				<topic>Evaluate and extend informational text.</topic>\
				<topic>Analyze informational text.</topic>\
			</topics>\
			<expression>composition</expression>\
			<learning_taxonomies>\
				<learning_taxonomy>comprehension</learning_taxonomy>\
				<learning_taxonomy>application</learning_taxonomy>\
				<learning_taxonomy>analysis</learning_taxonomy\
			</learning_taxonomies>\
			\
			<stem_vignette>The worst fire in the history\
of Lincoln National Forest, New\
Mexico, raged for weeks in 1950.\
When the flames were out, when\
the thunder and crackle of blazing\
trees had died down, a badly burned\
bear cub was found clinging to a\
tree. A weary firefighter snapped his\
picture, then rescued the hurting\
and bewildered cub.\
The rangers named him Smokey\
after the familiar poster character\
Smokey Bear, a cartoon bear in a\
rangers hat and blue jeans holding\
a shovel. He had been created in\
1944 by the U.S. Forest Service to\
publicize a campaign to prevent\
forest fires. Posters of the cartoon\
bear read Only You Can Prevent Forest Fires! and were tacked up in every\
national forest and park as well as in public buildings.\
Then the real Smokey came along. The rangers nursed him\
back to health and sent him to the National Zoo in Washington,\
D.C. Photographs of the badly burned cub, his playful recovery,\
and his life in Washington sent the popularity of the cartoon\
Smokey Bear skyrocketing.\
With all the publicity, the living Smokey Bear became one\
of the most popular animals at the National Zoo. Thousands of\
visitors dropped by to see the black bear who limped on one leg\
and still bore scars from the fire that some careless camper or\
smoker had started. Smokey s misfortune became the best reason\
for preventing forest fires. He even made public appearances.\
Eventually he had his own Smokey Bear fan club. Membership was\
in the many thousands. Children who signed up to be\
Junior Forest Rangers received not only a Ranger kit but an\
official-looking badge and pictures of the real and the\
cartoon Smokeys.\
In May 1975, when he was twenty-five years old (which is\
equal to seventy in human years), the National Zoo and the\
Forest Service retired Smokey in an impressive ceremony. At the\
same time, they introduced Smokey Junior, an orphan of another\
fire in Lincoln National Forest. Smokey Senior died a year later.\
His remains were buried at the Smokey Bear Historical Park\
in Lincoln National Forest, and today his message lives on:\
Only You Can Prevent Forest Fires!\
			</stem_vignette>\
			<images>NULL</images>\
			\
			<questions>\
				<question>\
					<topics>\
						<topic>understanding of explicitly stated sequence of events</topic>\
					</topics>\
					<depth>Easy</depth>	\
					<stem_lead-in_questions>Which of these events happened first?</stem_lead-in_questions>\
					<options>\
						<correct_option>A Smokey Bear fan club was started.</correct_option>\
						<incorrect_option>Smokey was retired in a special ceremony.</incorrect_option>\
						<incorrect_option>A cub called Smokey Junior was introduced.</incorrect_option>\
						<incorrect_option>The poster character of Smokey was created.</incorrect_option>\
					</options>\
					<hint>Among the given events, starting the fan club occured first.</hint>\
				</question>\
			\
				<question>\
					<topics>\
						<topic>Evaluate and extend informational text.</topic>\
						<topic>Analyze informational text.</topic>\
						<topic>division</topic>\
					</topics>\
					<depth>Easy</depth>\
					<stem_lead-in_questions>Which of these sentences states the main idea of the passage?</stem_lead-in_questions>\
					<options>\
						<incorrect_option>Forest rangers rescued Smokey Bear from a fire.</incorrect_option>\
						<correct_option>Smokey Bear became a popular symbol for fire safety.</correct_option>\
						<incorrect_option>Many people visited Smokey Bear at the National Zoo.</incorrect_option>\
						<incorrect_option>Smokey Bear was replaced by the orphan of another fire.</incorrect_option>\
					</options>\
					<hint>Relationship between Smokey Bear and fire safety in the main idea of the passage.</hint>\
				</question>\
			</questions>			\
			\
		</item>\
		\
	</items>\
</quiz>}